**Name:** Rahil Shukla  
**ID:** 202001418  
**Date:** 03/02/2023  
### Q.1. Identify FRs and NFRs:  

**Functional requirements -**  
* **New User Registration:** Any institute member who wants to use the library's services must first register with the system for library resources. The member would receive a user ID and password after successfully registering. For using LIS, he must use his credentials.
* **User login:** User has to login using the ID and password he created during registration. If credentials entered are correct, the 'Home' page is shown from where he can use the features of LIS like issuing books, returning book, reissuing book etc. However, if credentials entered are incorrect then the login failure screen will be shown. If an incorrect password is entered three times consecutively then a security question(chosen by the user while registering) with an input box to answer it is shown. Account is blocked on failing to answer security questions as well. Admin can reactivate an account on request.
* **Search book:** Users can search if a book is present in the library using this facility. Book can be searched using its title or book_id or author's name or publisher's name.
* **Issue book:** A LIS member can issue a book if the situation satisfies the following 3 things:  
i) The book is available in the library.  
ii) No one else has issued that book.  
iii) Member has not issued maximum number of books he can issue.  
On successful issue of book user account is updated to reflect the same.
* **Return book:** A book can be issued for a finite time. That is, the book should be returned within this time. After returning the book successfully it is shown in the user's account. If unable to return the book in the given time period the a penalty will be charged.
* **Reissue book:** A user can reissue a book if he needs to use it for more than the allowed time. A book can not be reissued for more than 2 times.

**Non-functional requirements -** 
* **Performance Requirements:**  
i) System should be available 24x7  
ii) It should be accessible to 40 people at any given moment.
* **Database Requirement**  
* **Security Requirements:**   
i) Confidential information like passwords should not be stored in plain text  
ii) System should be accessible only using institute's LAN  
* **Software Quality Attributes**
* **Design Constraints:** LIS has to be developed as a web application which should work on Firefox 5, Internet Explorer 8, Google Chrome 12, Opera 10. The web application should be developed using HTML 5.

### Q.2. Identify scope, features and non-functional aspects of the following problem.

**Scope:** The main scope of the project is to develop an application for people suffering from hearing loss. This mobile application uses artificial intelligence to recognize key sound in the surroundings which are of interest to this community, such as car horns and babies, and immediately alerts the user. Continual logging are critical for the user.

**Features:**
* It should be a mobile application that uses Artificial Intelligence.
* It should be optimised to work on Android devices.
* It should recognise key sounds in the environment.
* It should be able to alert the user about a sound near them.
* It should increase the intensity of the signal as the sound gets louder (nearer).

**Non-functional Aspects:**
* The key sounds should include basic day to day noises like car horns, babies, etc.
* The alerts should be immediate to help the user.
* The sensitivty of the sound recognition should be neither to less (can't detect a sound) nor too high (detect sounds even though they are nowhere near).
* The application should have low latency so that it works in real-time.
